# 7.2: More Highcharts?


## housekeeping

Week 5 assessment marks are (should be?) on your Moodle!

And now for some fun and accountability with the marks&#x2026;


## how to write code on your computer

inside a folder, open a set of file with a text editor such as **Sublime Text** or **Notepad** (or whatever is one the university computers)


## highcharts viz from your computer

-   copy the website-template directory I created for you
-   delete everything inside the container
-   create js/script.js and css/style.css
-   link to the files in your HTML
-   load the JS libraries
-   write code in the right place!


### linking a stylesheet

inside index.html:

    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/style.css">


### linking a JS script

Inside your HTML:

    <script src="./js/script.js"></script>


### loading the libraries

Inside your HTML, but **above** loading your script!

    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.3.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
    
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highcharts/6.0.7/highcharts.js"></script>


### create your container div

    <div id="container" style="height: 300px"></div>


## "but I need the website to be online for the final project!"

Whatever track you choose for your final project (blog or website from scratch), **you will need to have a working version of a website online until July.**

-   If you choose to do a blog, more on that later.
-   If you choose to build a website, several options are available&#x2026;


### get a domain, some hosting, use FTP

You need to register a domain (for example at [GoDaddy](https://uk.godaddy.com/?src=ac&plan=cpanel_o365_tier1_036mo)), buy space on their servers to host your code and pictures, and it's all a bit fiddly.

Let's not do that.


### use GitHub pages!

GitHub gives you free hosting and a URL resembling <https://your-username.github.io>

Here is a very good guide to host your website there: <http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages/>

In short:

-   create an account
-   create a repository
-   paste or upload your code
-   et voila !

